my favorite meat is the beef full of
nice textures for seasoning salt I need
to have a bit of black peppers which we
need to crush I'm using the kitchen
towel and small glass which is really
easy to do season both sides and we
should leave for a couple of minutes for
cooking I'm using olive oil and butter
taking 1 tablespoon of olive oil in the
pan
let's imagine beef in the pan and seal
it both sides four minutes and another
one side for four minutes in same time
you reheat oven to 200 degrees for
garnishing using onions cut chunks with
the cherry tomatoes which is really
delicate flavor couple piece of garlic
nice bunch of thyme and a couple of
spring onions cut fans we need to crush
the garlic right now placing the knife
from the garlic using your hand garlic
goes in the pan time goes in the pan a
bit more olive oil and of course my
favorite is butter so don't be shy now
on the button have a really small bunch
of tarragon same like thyme chopped
really thinly and place over the beef we
turn the beef over again and let it cook
in the wonderful juice which is from the
button olive oil let's grab the onions
smashing the pan around the beef do the
same with the cherry tomatoes I'm gonna
use a different sauce sauce it gives
richness for the meat one more piece of
button
so we're taking the time right now
placing another two hundred degrees
which is already was preheated for 15
minutes we're gonna do a small side dish
take the cherry tomatoes cut them in
half take some onions place in the bowl
I'm gonna use a bit of apple cider
vinegar which is really delicate taste
my favorite is still such a delicate
hair
chop thinly put in the bowl I'm using a
British honey which I go for my good
friend
one nice tablespoon in the bowl bit of
salt spit on the top and let your hands
work you're breaking those things my
beef is ready I can see completely from
the cherry tomatoes is really easy to
recognize because the vegetable shows
really quickly look at how it's cooked
in the juice either beef right now from
the pan
how to cut it's really easy handle the
bone in your hands and use your knife
now is deep cut close to the bone and
after cut slowly piece by piece first
and then you can leave it in the bone
place the vegetables on top of the beef
have a spring cup salt and we're
bringing over to the table and I'm using
two spoons to set job done
you